{"utterance": "Help me make a workback plan for the upcoming meeting '1:1 Action Items Review'", "response": "Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data.\n\n---\n\n### ✅ **Meeting Details**\n- **Subject:** 1:1 Action Items Review  \n- **Date/Time:** July 26, 2025, **2:00 PM – 2:30 PM PST**  \n- **Current Date:** July 25, 2025 → ~**24 hours remaining**  \n- **Organizer:** Tisa Odonoghue  \n- **Attendee:** Nila Tanguma  \n- **Location:** Microsoft Teams Online (Link in event)  \n- **Purpose:** Follow-up review of action items from prior deep dive (on July 24) and related configuration changes  \n\n**Related Context:**  \n✔︎ Prior session (“1:1 Deep Dive - Config Secure Defaults & Naming Conventions”) included assigning action items involving:\n- JSON Schema updates for `maxReceiveMessageSize`\n- Secure defaults & Vault integration references\n- YAML naming conventions migration  \n(Referenced in **Config_Standards_Review_Presentation.pptx** and **Config_Change_Log.xlsx**)  \n\n✔︎ Next steps recorded in slides include:\n- Add default 1048576 to JSON Schema (due 7/25)\n- Validate Vault KV path schema update (due 7/26)\n- AJV pipeline integration staging  \n\n---\n\n## **Workback Plan for '1:1 Action Items Review'**  \n*(Meeting: July 26 @ 2:00 PM PST; aggressive 1-day timeline requiring tight execution)*\n\n---\n\n### **Phase 1: Action Status and Agenda Setup**\n| Task                                  | Due Date & Time | Owner                   | Notes |\n|--------------------------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------|\n| Draft short agenda for review call (focus: each deep dive item + blockers)| **Jul 25, 3:00 PM PST** | Tisa Odonoghue | Based on July 24 notes & presentation |\n| Confirm agenda with Nila via Teams chat/email | **Jul 25, 4:00 PM PST** | Tisa Odonoghue | Align expectations; adjust if needed |\n\n---\n\n### **Phase 2: Action Items Verification**\n| Task                                  | Due Date & Time | Owner                   | Notes |\n|--------------------------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------|\n| Check if `maxReceiveMessageSize` default patch merged (PR #128) | **Jul 25, 5:00 PM PST** | Tisa (verify in repo) | Pull from Config_Change_Log.xlsx |\n| Confirm Vault KV pattern schema validation progress | **Jul 25, 5:30 PM PST** | Tisa (verify or ping Jason/Eng team) | Highlight if incomplete |\n| Collect any remaining CI pipeline integration notes | **Jul 25, 6:00 PM PST** | Tisa | From Jenkins/AJV stage test results |\n\n---\n\n### **Phase 3: Material Prep & Distribution**\n| Task                                  | Due Date & Time | Owner                   | Notes |\n|--------------------------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------|\n| Prepare **summary doc or quick bullets**: what’s done vs pending | **Jul 25, 7:00 PM PST** | Tisa | Use Config_Change_Log.xlsx + Secure_Defaults_and_Vault_Guide.docx links |\n| Send pre-read (summary + relevant files link) to Nila via Teams/email | **Jul 25, 7:30 PM PST** | Tisa | Include deck or key links if needed |\n\n---\n\n### **Phase 4: Final Checks Before Meeting**\n| Task                                  | Due Date & Time | Owner                   | Notes |\n|--------------------------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------|\n| Test Teams link & audio/video setup | **Jul 26, 9:00 AM PST** | Tisa | Check connectivity |\n| Review any overnight changes or new merges in schema branch | **Jul 26, Noon PST** | Tisa | Update bullets if needed |\n\n---\n\n### **Phase 5: Meeting Delivery**\n| Task                                  | Due Date & Time | Owner                   | Notes |\n|--------------------------------------|-----------------|-------------------------|-------|\n| Join meeting promptly | **Jul 26, 2:00 PM PST** | Tisa & Nila | Use Teams link |\n\n---\n\n✅ **Files to Reference**:\n- [Config_Standards_Review_Presentation.pptx](Shared Documents/DevOps/Presentations)\n- [Secure_Defaults_and_Vault_Guide.docx](Shared Documents/DevOps/Guides)\n- [Config_Change_Log.xlsx](Shared Documents/DevOps)\n\n---\n\n### **Assumptions**\n- Meeting focus = reviewing July 24 deep dive outcomes and pending schema/CI tasks.\n- No additional participants beyond Nila (as per event details).\n- All supporting files already exist in Teams/SharePoint; no creation required, only summarization.\n  \n**Risk:** Tight timeline → must draft agenda and pre-read today (July 25).\n\n---\n\n#### ✅ Recommended Next Step Right Now:\nStart with **agenda outline** + confirm with Nila before EOD, then verify action item status from repo logs.\n\n---", "assertions": [{"text": "The response should state the meeting date and time as July 26, 2025 at 2:00 PM PST, matching the scheduled event.", "level": "critical", "justification": {"reason": "Verifying that the workback plan accurately anchors timeline to the actual meeting from calendar.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["- **Date/Time:** July 26, 2025, **2:00 PM – 2:30 PM PST**", "*(Meeting: July 26 @ 2:00 PM PST; aggressive 1-day timeline requiring tight execution)*"]}, {"text": "The response should identify Tisa Odonoghue as the meeting organizer and Nila Tanguma as a required attendee.", "level": "critical", "justification": {"reason": "Ownership of agenda and communication depends on correct roles; both roles are present in the meeting invite.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["- **Organizer:** Tisa Odonoghue", "- **Attendee:** Nila Tanguma", "### **Assumptions**"]}, {"text": "The response should include a task to draft and confirm the agenda before end of day July 25 with clear timing.", "level": "critical", "justification": {"reason": "Agenda setting is a prerequisite for stakeholder readiness and must have a deadline prior to the meeting.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["| Draft short agenda for review call (focus: each deep dive item + blockers)| **Jul 25, 3:00 PM PST** | Tisa Odonoghue | Based on July 24 notes & presentation |", "Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data.", "### **Assumptions**"]}, {"text": "The response should explicitly mention verifying completion of 'maxReceiveMessageSize' schema patch (PR #128) as part of pre-meeting checks.", "level": "expected", "justification": {"reason": "This action item bullet was sourced from the previous deep dive deck and Config_Change_Log.xlsx signals its existence.", "sourceID": "106554d5-ad9b-4972-863e-ad73a5fbd6fd"}, "matched_segments": ["**Risk:** Tight timeline → must draft agenda and pre-read today (July 25).", "- JSON Schema updates for `maxReceiveMessageSize`", "✔︎ Prior session (“1:1 Deep Dive - Config Secure Defaults & Naming Conventions”) included assigning action items involving:"]}, {"text": "The response should include a task to confirm Vault KV path schema validation progress before the meeting.", "level": "expected", "justification": {"reason": "This step is listed in the 'Next Steps' section of the previous presentation, tied to secure defaults.", "sourceID": "af38c57d-5071-4833-a25b-4d53c7331b54"}, "matched_segments": ["- Validate Vault KV path schema update (due 7/26)", "Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data.", "✔︎ Next steps recorded in slides include:"]}, {"text": "The response should outline preparing and sending a pre-read to Nila that includes at minimum Config_Change_Log.xlsx, Config_Standards_Review_Presentation.pptx, and Secure_Defaults_and_Vault_Guide.docx.", "level": "critical", "justification": {"reason": "Artifact readiness improves meeting quality; all three files are found as relevant in provided SharePoint document data.", "sourceID": "af38c57d-5071-4833-a25b-4d53c7331b54"}, "matched_segments": ["(Referenced in **Config_Standards_Review_Presentation.pptx** and **Config_Change_Log.xlsx**)", "Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data."]}, {"text": "The response should clearly assign an owner for every preparatory task, such as Tisa for agenda drafting and file collation.", "level": "critical", "justification": {"reason": "Ownership clarity prevents ambiguity and is necessary for accountability, especially with a tight timeline.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["| Draft short agenda for review call (focus: each deep dive item + blockers)| **Jul 25, 3:00 PM PST** | Tisa Odonoghue | Based on July 24 notes & presentation |", "- No additional participants beyond Nila (as per event details).", "### **Assumptions**"]}, {"text": "The response should reference assumptions explicitly about scope and resource availability, since grounding data does not confirm every dependency (e.g., no additional attendees beyond Nila).", "level": "expected", "justification": {"reason": "When data gaps exist, the workback plan should call them out to preserve transparency about assumptions.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["- No additional participants beyond Nila (as per event details).", "- All supporting files already exist in Teams/SharePoint; no creation required, only summarization.", "Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data."]}, {"text": "The response should include a final check task on the morning of July 26 to validate Teams link and any overnight repo changes.", "level": "aspirational", "justification": {"reason": "Pre-flight checks reduce risk of last-minute issues; the candidate response includes this step as an enhancement.", "sourceID": "0788e132-56ad-45de-a531-4553a88af64a"}, "matched_segments": ["Here’s an actionable **workback plan** for the meeting based on the provided context and data.", "- **Current Date:** July 25, 2025 → ~**24 hours remaining**"]}]}
